One of the ideas that Wise covers that I really like is on the Quantified Self and how we are now providing all our information to multiple services in the hopes of capturing our lives electronically. 
I think Wise raises a fair point that the data in and of itself is neither good or bad, but rather what happens with it that can be the issue. It is hard to quantify at times just how much data we produce in our daily lives as we Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat our way through the day trying to keep everyone informed of our life and to document it for ourselves. You even have services like Timehop collecting this data and regurgitating it back to us everyday, allowing us to remember events we documented in prior years. 
I would be interested to see any updates to Wise's chapter following the events of data from Facebook being sold off to Cambridge Analytica and the current #DeleteFacebook trend that is happening. Have we rounded a corner on how much we really want to put of ourselves online or is this just a minor roadblock before we return to old habits of documenting our every waking moment online for ourselves and others to see?
In reading Wise's chapter, I was especially drawn to the quote:" Repressive forces don’t stop people expressing themselves but rather force them to express themselves. What a relief to have nothing to say, the right to say nothing, because only then is there a chance of framing the rare, and ever rarer, thing that might be worth saying." (Deleuze 1995: 129)
An idea that I found useful from Wise's chapter was his thoughts and explanation of assemblage. This was a term that I was unfamiliar with before reading this chapter. An assemblage as Wise describes it is the arranging of elements, it is never in settled form, it is either coming together or coming apart. This idea was useful to me because I am now able to identify different things and how they are assembled. A mobile phone is a from of assemblage. Now when I look at different artifacts, I will try and break down the assemblage of them to gain a better understanding of that given artifact. 
The most interesting point of the reading was collective assemblage. This is not only covering the deindividualization of social interaction, but also technology. A person can believe electronic experiences such as being on their phone is an individual process, but in reality, they are in a controlled dimension on a broad level. Each use of the technology can add to lifelogging that feeds into the life story of all users. This story or data can be used to improve on the preexisting uses of the technology. Media is no longer the only culprit of bringing together and studying a community, but it is also people creating a more organized world for themselves through use of digital technology. Technology is running between transparent and informative; it is there to use, but does not to distract. It works to blend into the collective of everyday life and improve it as a whole. This is helpful to me because of the understanding that the future of technology can be improved by understanding the role that technology plays in the majority of user's lives. If that can be understood, each new digital idea can become normalized and allow for a more controlled life. Each normalization can help individuals, such as myself, to navigate life quicker, easier, and more safely than before.
While Wise was talking about collective assemblage in regards to deterritorlizing, I could not help but think of the recent violence in Toronto being attributed to the rise of the Incel movement in underground online chat spaces.  These "involuntary celibates" (Incel) groups closely mirror white supremacist groups in their calls for violence against women especially.  Wise's framework of assemblage: disappearance, attention, information, and control; all seem to be at play in regards to these movements.  Most importantly though, these movements are using technology to create alternative, and disturbing worlds of the quantified self.  I wondered how technology could be used to break down the increasing isolation noted in the article and provide more positive versions of the quantified self. 
The idea I feel is useful is Wise's description of New York Times columnist Ross Douthat’s worry that "the more atomized and intensely individual we become, and the weaker our social ties, the more vulnerable we are to authoritarianism. And the more we rely on this technology, the more we find ourselves in the cage of the surveillant state" (Wise). I thought Google Glass was a horrible idea because people have a hard enough time putting their phones down and this would be almost like wearing one strapped to the side of your face. If the public is walking around looking at a screen they do not interact with their environment in the same way. I agree with the connection Wise made between humans becoming more individual, how that weakens social ties, and subsequently allows our government to gain power over humans because they are alone.
I think the idea of “Disappearance” is an interesting one.   I find the idea of a technology or technological related concept/things become so ubiquitous that it becomes invisible or disappearances into the background fabric of life. I generally think of Cell phones as an example of a physical digital artifact and social networks as the more concrete digital example. Both are some Ubiquitous that they are almost invisible, but for some indispensable. In relations to digital rhetoric; the more I am learning about the field it seems the framework of digital rhetoric is very much like this invisible thing. It is hidden in plan site for those who understand it or have been trained to see it. It permeates the fabric of so many aspects of the digital realm.
I think it is useful in a duel edged sword sort of way. The analogy of playing a musical instrument would be of good use here: It is easy to pick up but hard to master. By interacting with the web or other digital means the viewer is engaging with digital rhetoric; but not knowing or grasping the nuances can lead to all sorts of issues.  I think the tenements of rhetoric and the achnolodgement that everyone uses it on some level allows for a better understanding of how to effectively interact with people digitally.
Technology provides us immediate access to information about the world. But we are blindly limiting our ability to fully experience and understand the world because the content we are provided is constrained to the content known by technology. Our world is shaped by what technology guides us to and not by what our own independent exploration could lead us to. For example: 
While traveling in an unfamiliar area if you wish to find somewhere scenic to go on a hike you are limited to the search results of "hiking trails near me". There could be a magical hike that you'll never get to experience because rather than exploring a random route you will go to a specified trail because the idea of going somewhere that isn't mapped out on the internet "could be dangerous". Furthermore, you won't stop to ask one of the locals if they know of any "secret trails" because that form of social engagement has been diminished due to technology and our bubble existence.
We rely so heavily on what technology tells us that we rob ourselves of the opportunity to explore/experience that which is unmapped, that which exists outside of the data driven realm. Yet because the technology we use is designed to "disappear" into our daily lives, we become oblivious to the fact that we are limiting our opportunities. We are cluelessly LOCKED in a cage of technology because it has faded to the background and more and more as generation are born into this tech world we will become less and less aware of this atrocity. But we will remain perfectly content with it because we don't see it.
The information is timely. Persons are scanning social media websites and apps for moderation tools, for example, as we use permissions within Facebook (trusting them to respect our request) and use extension containers outside of Facebook (trusting companies like Firefox are better). We navigate a space that is not blindly participating or completly opting-out.
"How can it make technology strange so it does not disappear" (80)? Wise mentions this at the end of the chapter and the question caught my attention because I don't think technology disappears, not completely. This is my own oversimplification, but after reading that question, my first thought was mental health, personal relationships, and different physical habits. Perhaps technology does slowly disappear into our lives, but it causes ripples and we are not connecting those repercussions to technology. I wonder about our general ability to link cause and effect and how that would reshape our interaction with technology. Would a deeper awareness of these connections help persons modulate these devices in their lives? There seems to be a sudden flash in the news around healthier relationships with tech and in order to do that, we need to be very aware of these devices.
The most useful idea for me is an assemblage "always coming together and coming apart" (71). This sound like a tension as well as a possible border area. Google Glass was used as an example to show how "the world becomes a source of data - what's important about an object or location or person is the information tagged to it" (74). Between tags, Bruce Sterling's spimes, and Wise's dividuals (the information "that circulate[s] quite independently of the individual"), I am interested in who creates and how these tags are created (74). "An object without tagged information is relatively invisible except as a general type" (74). How are types made? How are types changed and updated? Who tags? What is mostly untagged? Is there a certain type of data that is tagged? How deeply can an object be tagged? If tags are the difference between finding and not finding, that scares me. Everything is not on the table and definitely not on the table equally. Do we want everything on the table? What are the ethics of tagging and types?
There was also the mention of collection of data to capture everything in order to store data. Well, that immediately seemed terrifying. As much as data is useful, I am sure persons can find patterns in anything, but, as the saying goes, correlation does not mean causation. The ability to highlight difference seems only a backdrop to connect the dots, unless you can show all data points act as outliers.
I found Wise's relation of rhetoric about "The Cloud" compared to the physical reality of data storage very insightful. Nobody envisions a warehouse full of computers using copious amounts of electricity when they think of The Cloud, I suppose that is by design.
I find the "Quantified Self" movement interesting. As a data person, tracking data just to have data to possibly be able to find something is interesting.
The most interesting idea from Wise is Rhetorical Vision and Assemblage. Rhetorical Vision as groups coming up with collective stories about the group and their situation. And the Assemblage a way of articulating these Rhetorical Visions to people, devices, practices, and institutions.
Together these two concepts help frame a variety of text phenomenon allowing us to better analyze meaning and connections for them separately as well as within a larger construct.